c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe.config
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.pdb
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.g.resources
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime_.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe
c:\users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.pdb
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\gguai_000\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WallpaperTime!\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe.config
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.pdb
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.pdb
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\mscorlib.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\pt-BR\mscorlib.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\normidna.nlp
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\normnfc.nlp
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\normnfd.nlp
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\normnfkc.nlp
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\normnfkd.nlp
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.g.resources
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime_.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
C:\dev\Projetos\Wallpaper\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe.config
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WallpaperTime!.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Elysium.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Framework.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Framework.UI.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Framework.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Framework.UI.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Hardcodet.Wpf.TaskbarNotification.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Windows.Threading.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\ConfigurationWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\MetroWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\ConfigurationWindow.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\MetroWindow.baml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.g.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime_.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.exe
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.pdb
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\PresentationCore.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\PresentationFramework.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Data.DataSetExtensions.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Data.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Forms.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Xml.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\System.Xml.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\WindowsBase.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
C:\Users\Gabriel\Documents\GitHub\Wallpaper-Time\WallpaperTime!\obj\Debug\WallpaperTime!.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
